DOCS-289: randConstant (#10838)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/random-functions.md

## randConstant {#randconstant}

Produces a constant column with a random value.

**Syntax**

``` sql
randConstant([x])
```

**Parameters**

> -   `x` — [Expression](../syntax.md#syntax-expressions) resulting in one of the [supported data types](../data-types/index.md#data_types). Its value is used for bypassing [common subexpression elimination](index.md#common-subexpression-elimination) if the function is called multiple times in one query. Optional parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `x` — [Expression](../syntax.md#syntax-expressions) resulting in any of the [supported data types](../data-types/index.md#data_types). The resulting value is discarded, but the expression itself if used for bypassing [common subexpression elimination](index.md#common-subexpression-elimination) if the function is called multiple times in one query. Optional parameter.
```
